All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a walkover win against Cumnock.
They then won the second round 10–2 against Lanemark.
In the third round, Kilmarnock won 7–2 against Lugar Boswell.
A bye in the fourth round saw them play Dunblane in which Kilmarnock won 6–0.
Kilmarnock’s journey came to an end in the quarter finals with a 5–0 to Queen’s Park.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was an 8–2 win against Ayr Thistle F.C at home.
They received a bye in the second round.
In the third round, Kilmarnock drew 2–2 against Dykebar F.C.
before winning the replay 9–1.
The fourth round saw Kilmarnock knocked out by Partick Thistle F.C.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a 5–0 win against Lugar Boswell F.C.
They then lost 3–1 against Kilbirnie F.C.
at home.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock were knocked put in the first round in a 3–2 at home against Annbank F.C..
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Tintenbar Shire
Tintenbar Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Tintenbar Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in Alstonville.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Lennox Head, Tintenbar and Wardell.
Tintenbar Shire was amalgamated with the Municipality of Ballina to form Ballina Shire on 1 January 1977.
Lisa Gersh
Lisa Gersh is an American businesswoman who has served as the CEO of companies such as Martha Stewart Living, Goop, and the Alexander Wang fashion label.
She was a co-founder of the Oxygen Network.
Currently, she is an executive partner at Attention Capital, LLC.
Gersh tells the story that she grew up poor in The Bronx, New York City, and began working as an umpire for girls' softball games to earn cash.
Due to unionization, she found great pay at the Foodtown grocery store, where she worked in highschool and made a game of memorizing all the prices to entertain herself.
She cites her mother as a big influence and inspired her to pursue her passions.
Her mother also taught her to listen, a skill that has served her well in leadership positions.
Gersh also cites Geraldine Laybourne as an influence who taught her a number of valuable lessons.
Gersh received her undergraduate degree from SUNY Binghamton, after which she earned her JD from Rutgers University.
She is a member of the New York State Bar Association.
In 1986 she began work as a partner at Friedman Kaplan Seiler & Adelman LLP.
In making the switch from legal to creative business, she describes how she had to learn to engage artists to give their best pitch, which was different than how she had engaged with legal clients.
Since making that change, she has been brought on as CEO of Martha Stewart Living, Goop, and the Alexander Wang fashion label.
Alexander Wang said that he had hoped "Lisa's ... diverse background in the media, lifestyle and digital landscape will help us continue to position the business to expand into new categories and territories."
Additional work by Gersh has included President of Strategic Initiatives at NBC Universal, Interim CEO at The Weather Channel, and founder/COO of the Oxygen Network.
Since October 2019, she has worked as an Executive Partner at Attention Capital LLC, an American company acquiring and building media brands in the attention economy.
She currently serves as a board member for Hasbro Inc., University of Southern California, Establishment Labs SA, and POPSUGAR Inc.
Broadacre, Ohio
Broadacre (previously known as Creswell and Skelly's Station) is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located about northeast of Bloomingdale at the intersection of Ohio State Route 152 and Township Route 166, at .
Nathan M. Grew built the first mill in Wayne township in this location on Cross Creek.
When the railroad came through, a station was built here called Creswell, and the community was known as such.
The Creswell Post Office was established on June 10, 1869.
Around the turn of the century, the name of the community was possibly called Skelley, but later changed to Broadacre.
The name of the post office was changed to Broadacre Post Office on June 15, 1915, and it was later discontinued on August 31, 1948.
Previous to 1951, the Pennsylvania Railroad was operating a passenger station, and later a freight terminal, at the "Broadacre Station" location, and as of 1962, the USGS officially recoginized the name of the community as Broadacre.
In 1990, the community was described as a hamlet.
Bill Moen
William F. Moen Jr. (born November 14, 1986) is an American Democratic Party politician from Camden, who has represented the 5th Legislative District in the New Jersey Assembly since January 14, 2020.
When he took office, he was the state's youngest legislator in the Assembly.
Before taking office in the Assembly, Moen served on the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2016 to 2019, where he was one of the youngest people elected to serve as freeholder.
Moen resigned from his position as freeholder in March 2019 in order to focus on his run for assembly and was replaced by Melinda Kane.
Raised in Runnemede, Moen has been a resident of Camden.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly.
The other representatives from the 5th District for the 2020-2021 Legislative Session are:
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's 100 metres
The women's 100 metres event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 14 July 1987.
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Orara Shire
Orara Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Orara Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in South Grafton.
Orara Shire was abolished and split on 1 January 1957 with part absorbed along with the Municipality of South Grafton and parts of Copmanhurst Shire into the City of Grafton and part merged with the Municipality of Maclean to form Maclean Shire, part merged with Municipality of Ulmurra to form Ulmurra Shire.
Ministry of Development Planning (Spain)
The Ministry of Development Planning () was a ministerial department of the Government of Spain that existed between 1973 and 1976 during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco to prepare, promote and monitor the execution of the Economic and Social Development Plans that were enforced throughout the period known as the Spanish miracle.
Its first officeholder was Laureano López Rodó.
2014–15 Leinster Senior Cup
The 2014–15 Leinster Senior Cup, was the 114th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition.
It was won by Dundalk.
The final was played at Oriel Park on October 26, 2015.
2019 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Elena Kagan
2019 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Neil Gorsuch
Lungni
Lungni is a village in the Northern region of Ghana, it is in the Wulensi District.
Lungni is part of the territory of the Nanumbas a variant of the Dagomba ethnic group.
The village over the years has had disputes regarding who provides candidates for the role of chieftaincy.
To this extent the Nanumbas, Komkombas and Bassares have all laid claim to it.
Lungni is sandwiched between Kpandae and wulensi.
The inhabitants are predominantly farmers who grow yam and cereals.
The village has a primary and junior secondary school but not a secondary school.
Juan De Dios Rivas Margalef
Juan De Dios Rivas Margalef (born 7 July 1999), commonly known as Juande, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Málaga CF as a central defender.
Born in Córdoba, Andalusia, Juande joined Málaga CF's youth setup in 2014, aged 14.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 2 September 2018, starting in a 1–3 Segunda División B away loss against Marbella FC.
Juande made his first team debut on 14 January 2020, starting in a 1–0 home victory versus SD Ponferradina for the Segunda División championship.
Manuel Pinto de Morais Bacelar, 1st Viscount of Monte Alegre
Dom Manuel Pinto de Morais Bacelar 1st Count of Monte Alegre, was a Portuguese general.
He was the son of the auxiliary infantry field master of the Bragança garrison, Lazarus Pinto de Morais Bacelar, and a descendant of the former masters of the Bacelar Tower.
In 1756 he enlisted in the Cavalry Regiment of Chaves, and at the time of the War of 1762 raised at his expense a cavalry company, for which he obtained by decree of 19 June the rank of Captain.
With the regiment took he part in the military operations marching to the province of Minho, which was then threatened by the sides of Valencia, and later, at the proposal of Brigadier Smith.
who commanded the corps, proceeded to act interimly as Major.
Promoted to the effectiveness of this post in July 1782, he rose to Lieutenant-Colonel in March 1789, and finally to Colonel in November 1796 with the command of the regiment in which he had always served.
In the failed enterprise that during the war of 1801 Field Marshal Gomes Freire de Andrade undertook with the troops of the command of Lieutenant-General D. Manuel José Lobo against Monte Rei he covered Manuel Pinto Bacelar with great bravery and arranged the withdrawal of our troops contributing powerfully to save the forces engaged in that commission, and to maintain the credit and honor of our weapons.
When the war was over, he was promoted to brigadier, always at the head of the regiment, until it was re-melted with the denomination of 6th Cavalry Regiment.
Although removed from active service, when in 1807 he planned to resist the French invasion, Brigadier Bacelar offered to obey the orders of Lieutenant General Sepúlveda, accepting the command of a planned line of defense of the northern provinces that the government had ordered.
However, all these preparations for the fight were ordered to be suspended, and Napoleon's troops were able to enter Portugal without finding anyone to take their step.
Returning to the house of Vilar de Ossos there, he was retired until, summoned by the patriotic voice of Sepulveda in June 1808, he was appointed acting interim commander of the Douro district troops, an appointment confirmed by the government board established in Porto.
.
In the performance of these duties he patented all the skill and energy he was endowed with, actively taking care of reorganizing the provincial troops, especially the cavalry, until, when the revolution against the French was broken in Viseu, he was the Brigadier in charge of the interim government.
Beira province's weapons for the need to put in this post, according to the ordinance that appointed him, a trusted general officer.
Having determined the total reorganization of the army on July 22, and were then ordered to constitute an operations corps in Extremadura, another of observations in Beira and Trás-os-Montes, and also a reserve in Coimbra, Bacelar was given the command of the second with the which marched from the vicinity of the Guard towards Castelo Branco regulating its movements by those of the operations army (that obeyed Bernardim Freire de Andrade) in combination with those of the English army of Wellesley.
Continuing the march, he made important raids on the enemy at Constância and Santarém, and then went to Santo António do Tojal to join the army of operations stationed at Mafra.
After being summoned to Lisbon with the other generals to report to the government, he was promoted to field marshal, and shortly thereafter sent to Porto to assist General Bernardim Freire in the important commissions he was assigned.
At the end of 1808 he was mandated to take command of the observation body for the provinces of Beira and Trás-os-Montes, with which he marched to the city of Guarda and went to occupy the positions between that city and that of Castelo Branco, from where he succeeded.
to circumvent the attempts of French general Lapisse, who sought to enter Beira Baixa, while Soult invaded Portugal from the north.
In the operations of Wellington to recover the city of Porto, Bacelar was in charge of several movements in the right of the Anglo-Portuguese army, and having, according to the instructions he had received, passed the Douro in Régua, directed himself over Mesão Frio, and was sent from there.
march to Chaves, through the Serra do Marão by Mondim de Basto and Pernalves.
After the French were expelled, General Bacelar returned to his command of Beira, and having been promoted to lieutenant general, in Viseu he remained until, in June 1810, being given the superior command of the corps of the Militias of the three northern provinces and Porto party, went to establish their headquarters in Lamego.
In this situation he carefully took care of organizing the auxiliary troops of the provincial army, and when Massena invaded the Portuguese territory, Bacelar long kept the northern provinces of the kingdom free from enemies, and then operating against Drouet over the Alva and Claperéde, which had occupied Lamego, finally succeeded, when the imperial troops withdrew, to limit their left flank to Mondego and to preserve the peoples on the right bank of that river from the horrors and catastrophes that accompanied the passing of the French soldiers.
The services he then performed and our general received a letter of praise from Marshal Wellington, which was published in the Order of the Day, and later the title of Viscount Monte Alegre, which the sovereign gave him on December 17.
In the following year, he took part in military operations, when Marmont and Brenier devastated some of our lands near the border, and thereafter continued quietly in charge of him until he died in Viseu.
Bacelar married on the 16 July 1776 to D. Joana Delfina Vanzeler Teixeira de Andrade Pinto, daughter of Pedro Francisco Vanzeler, colonel of dragons and governor of S. Noutel Fort in Chaves, and his wife, D. Maria Josefa Barbosa Silva Silva Teixeira Andrade Pinto.
List of Eagle Award nominees and winners
The following is a list winners and nominees (if available) of the Eagle Award, sorted by year that the award was presented.
The Eagle Awards were first distributed in 1977 and were consistently presented in the 1980s and the 2000s (being mostly dormant in the 1990s).
In 2014, in connection with Stan Lee, the Eagle Awards were renamed, and presented as, the True Believer Comic Awards.
They have not returned since then.
Presented at the British Comic Art Convention on 3 September 1977, at the Bloomsbury Centre Hotel, London.
Nominations in 19 categories:
Presented at the British Comic Art Convention, 29 July, 1978, for comics released during 1977.
Nominations in 21 categories.
Presented at "Comicon '79," the British Comic Art Convention 11, Hotel Metropole, Birmingham, on September 1, 1979.
For comics published in 1980.
The Eagle Awards were not presented or distributed in 1982 (except for possibly the Roll of Honour).
For comics published in 1982; awards presented 15 October 1983 at the London Comic Mart, Central Hall, Westminster, by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons.
The 1984 awards (for comics published in 1983) were announced/presented at the Birmingham Comic Art Show, on Saturday, June 2, 1984.
London Comic Mart, Central Hall Westminster, on Saturday, June 2, 1984
For comics released in 1984.
Awards for comics released during 1985 were presented on Sunday, June 1, 1986 at The Birmingham Comic Art Show.
The winners were:
The 1986 results were presented on Saturday, September 5, 1987, at UKCAC87, The Institute of Education, London WC1.
The winners were:
The Awards for comics released during 1987 were presented on Saturday, September 24, 1988 at UKCAC88, The Institute of Education, London WC1.
The winners were:
The results for 1989 were presented at the 1990 United Kingdom Comic Art Convention (UKCAC) on September 23 by Paul Gambaccini and Dave Gibbons.
The winners were:
Best Newcomer: Alex Ronald
The following award nominations cover creators and work published in the U.S. and Canada only (irrespective of the country of origin of the work or the nationality of its creators), with nominations based purely on work published in 1999:
A lifetime achievement award.
Note: Voting ended in October 2001 and the winners were announced in June 2002, so news reports announced these variously as the 2001, or 2002 Eagle Awards.
The following award nominations cover creators and work published in the US and Canada only (irrespective of the country of origin of the work or the nationality of its creators), with nominations based purely on work published in 2000:
Presented at the inaugural Comic Expo, held November 6–7, at the Ramada City Inn in Bristol.
The results were announced on 13 May 2006 at the Comic Expo in Bristol.
Nominations were made by the general comics reading public via the Eagle Awards website then the five most popular became nominees for the awards.
The ceremony was held on Saturday, May 12, 2007 at the 2007 Bristol Comics Expo and was hosted by Norman Lovett.
The ceremony was held on Saturday May 10, 2008, at the Bristol Comic Expo, and the awards were presented by comedian Fraser Ayres.
The 2009 vote was skipped but the 2010 awards (for work done in 2009) were presented at the London MCM Expo in a gala held at ExCeL London on 29 October 2009.
The awards for work in 2010 on 27 May 2011 and was presented by Billy West.
The 2012 Eagle Awards were announced on 25 May 2012.
The Eagle Awards returned one last time, renamed as The True Believers Comics Award but keeping essentially the same format as in the past.
They were presented at the London Film and Comic Con (with Anthony Stewart Head hosting) on July 12, 2014.
Schoenus ligulatus
Schoenus ligulatus is a species of sedge endemic to the western regions of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
The key diagnostic character of "S. ligulatus" are its linear-lanceolate spikelets and narrow elliptic nutlets.
"Schoenus exilis" resembles "S. ligulatus", but the former is a shorter species (<350 mm) compared to the taller "S. ligulatus" (>350 mm).
In addition, the spikelets of "S. exilis" are shorter (mostly <4.5 mm) compared to those of "S. ligulatus".
Another key difference between the two species is that "S. exilis" often has membranaceous ligules, whereas the ligules of "S. ligulatus" tend to be firmer.
"Schoenus quartziticus" is also a similar species; however, it has broad elliptic nutlets and shorter spikelets (<4.0 mm) compared to those of "S. ligulatus".
Similar to other sedges, plants in this group are very difficult to identify.
It appears that part of this problem is caused by the tendency of the southern African "Schoenus" to form hybrids with each other.
It appears that "Schoenus ligulatus" forms hybrids with other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically "Schoenus cuspidatus".
"Schoenus ligulatus" is a species in family Cyperaceae, tribe Schoeneae.
Other notable genera in tribe Schoeneae include "Lepidosperma", "Oreobolus", "Costularia", "Tetraria" and "Gahnia".
The most closely-related species to "S. ligulatus" are other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically, species in the "S. cuspidatus" and allies group.
Southern African "Schoenus" were once classified as "Tetraria"; however, based on molecular and morphological differences, we now know that the two groups are evolutionary distinct.
To ensure that this group of sedges is monophyletic (i.e.
the genus only has closely-related species), the southern African "Tetraria" were transferred into "Schoenus".
In the field, the southern African "Schoenus" can be distinguished from "Tetraria" species by their lack of stem leaves and the absence of reticulate sheaths at the bases of the flowering stems.
"Schoenus ligulatus" is a species of sedge found in the western areas of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
This species generally occurs in wet habitats, but it can also be found growing on drier sites.
The reported elevation range of "S. ligulatus" is between 100 and 750 m.
Lactarius alachuanus
Lactarius alachuanus is a member of the large genus "Lactarius" (order Russulales), known as milk-caps.
Found in North America, the species was first described in 1938 by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill.
It is associated with oaks ("Quercus" spp.
).
Featley
Featley is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
1950 East German state elections
State elections were held in East Germany on 15 October 1950.
They were the last state elections in the country, as the states were dissolved in 1952.
Voters were presented with a single list from the Socialist Unity Party of Germany-dominated National Front, which they could only approve or reject.
The seat allocation in each of the state parliaments was agreed in advance between the constituent parties and mass organizations of the Front.
Voting was not secret, and citizens that voted against the list or abstained were persecuted.
Genuine or presumed opponents of the SED that participated in other member parties of the National Front were arrested or forced to flee to West Germany.
Harsent
Harsent is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Midson
Midson is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Sakura Mori
She was the women's singles winner at the 2017 India Open.
She also won the women's doubles title at the 2015 Belarus Open with Miyu Maeda.
Kuebler
Kuebler is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Havel (film)
Havel is a 2020 Czech historical film based on life of dissident and former Czech president Václav Havel.
It is directed by Slávek Horák and stars Viktor Dvořák.
The film focuses on Havel's life from 1968 to 1989 when he was a dissident under Comunist regime and relationship with his wife Olga and friend Pavel Landovský.
Sandy Ese Idigbe
Sandy Ese Idigbe (born September 27, 1991) is an international campaigner, activist and media commentator based in London, United Kingdom.
She has also been cast for an upcoming Netflix Documentary movie.
She completed her degree in English BA in University College London, to become a broadcast presenter at the London radio station Reprezent alongside a role as a production researcher for Channel 4.
Sandy setup FouGen!
A hub, aimed at 18-35-year-olds, originally funded by Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London back at time.
In December 2019 Idigbe had a meeting with United Kingdom Prime Minister Boris Johnson to discuss social issues in Society and Woman in Politics having also a speech at UK House of Lords.
At the beginning of January 2020, Sandy and other Anti-knife crime campaigners blocked the Westminster Bridge, a demonstration calling for a political action to stop further bloodsheds.
Later that same month she spoke to London Post on topics such as hunger, overpopulation, and pollution.
At the end of 2019 a documentary movie based on Idigbe was set in production by New Line Cinema.
In addition she will star in Netflix feature film.
Chandler, Ohio
